the lattice is a minimalist waterproof
shell that offers many of the features
normally associated with jackets twice
its weight weighing just 250 grams it's
perfect for those who want to shell in
which they can feel fully protected yet
barely notice when packed away using the
lightest of our dry light fabrics it's
monolithic polyurethane membrane is
fully waterproof and highly breathable
providing a benchmark twenty thousand
grams mvt our rating and a 20-metre
hydrostatic head to ensure that even
when you're forced to wear your jacket
for long strenuous ascents you'll stay
as comfortable as possible this is all
thanks to its superfine 12 Denny air
face fabric which is combined with a
more durable 50 denier reinforced weave
that affords impressive durability for
such a lightweight and packable fabric
on really strenuous a sense or rapid
descent extra ventilation is readily
available laser-cut underarm and pocket
vents helping to keep you comfortable
during long days out in rapidly changing
weather built on our slimmest block the
lattices active cut is engineered to fit
close it maximizes the fabrics
performance whilst helping to ensure
that there's no excess fabric to flap
around when you're running in the
mountains or climbing on steep ground
and the hem drawcord have been
positioned to prevent the jacket riding
up under a pack when you're moving
quickly cuffs can be cinched down
tightly in severe conditions or adjusted
to work as thumb loops when required
last but not least the lattice uses a
lightweight version of our well proven
Mountain hood simple one-handed
adjustment and a laminated and why
advisor ensure that you can maintain
vision and operate effectively in
conditions that other really light
jackets often struggle with at only 250
grams or eight point eight ounces for
the men's jacket and 205 grams or 7.2
ounces for the women's the lattice is a
seriously light waterproof shell that
provides reliable protection for any
fast-moving mountain sport
you